
![](http://kary.us/GitHubWideImages/Arendelle/arcco/screen.png)<br>

# Arcco

Arcco is the son of [Locco](http://rgieseke.github.com/locco/) and grandson of [Docco](http://jashkenas.github.com/docco/), Powered by [Marker.js](http://web.arendelle.org/developer/marker-studio/) is a part of Docco family that educated in [Arendelle Language](http://web.arendelle.org/) and with a great passion he is your quick-and-dirty documentation generator. It produces an HTML document that displays your comments intermingled with your code. All prose is passed through Markdown, The whole website is then connected to the Marker.js script so you can have beautiful Arendelle codes.


## Meet the family:

Arcco comes from a really huge families in the computing world! You see Arcco's origin goes to Docco and then to Locco as it's based on the original source code of Locco which is based on Docco, However there are many fellas in the family, Let's meet em:

- [Docco](http://jashkenas.github.com/docco/): The beloved grandpa by Jeremy Ashkenas. He's maybe the oldest and wisest one in the family.

- [Locco](http://rgieseke.github.io/locco/): Locco is a the true father of Arcco, If you make a DNA test you'll probably get a 95% similarity because Arcco actually is Locco! It's cool less than a hundred code for Lua by Lua! So thank you [Robert Gieseke](https://github.com/rgieseke)

- [Rocco](http://rtomayko.github.io/rocco/rocco.html): One of the [Tomayko](http://github.com/rtomayko) family's gentlemen. He's native language is Ruby because of his father [Ryan Tomayko](http://github.com/rtomayko)

- [Shocco](http://rtomayko.github.io/shocco/): Also from the [Tomayko](http://github.com/rtomayko) family. He wanted to be a little bit more technical so he went to the Shell University and graduated in the Bash scripting.

- [Pycco](http://fitzgen.github.io/pycco/): Pycco is wild because he's a python! So if you love Pythons, You have so much in common! Thanks to [Nick Fitzgerald](http://github.com/fitzgen) for that.

- [Clojure](http://fogus.github.com/marginalia/): Who loves Clojure? You do! Who loves Clojure? You do! So just get on your feet and use it!

- [Gocco](http://nikhilm.github.io/gocco/): Gocco is one of those modern oldies, He's DNA full of Go! Written by [Nikhil Marathe](https://github.com/nikhilm) it's your tool if you're a Go-man!

- [PHP](http://jquery-jkit.com/sourcemakeup/): I personally never liked PHP and also the idea of not using docco style names, However if you're a PHP love then you've got to try Fredi Bach source something!

- [Nocco](http://dontangg.github.io/nocco/): Nocco is our Christophe Colomb! He is the one who dared to go to the strange world of Windows and it's .NET! So I know that I heart for C# so Nocco is a dear friend to me! Thank you so much [Don Wilson](https://github.com/dontangg)



## Licensing

```
Copyright (c) 2015 Pouya Kary
Arcco is based Locco which is then based on Docco, 
released under the following license:
Copyright (c) 2011-2014 Robert Gieseke
Locco is based on Docco, released under the following license:
Copyright (c) 2009-2013 Jeremy Ashkenas

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.





Copyright (c) 2011-2014 Robert Gieseke
Locco is based on Docco, released under the following license:
Copyright (c) 2009-2013 Jeremy Ashkenas

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.





Copyright (c) 2009-2015 Jeremy Ashkenas

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

```

